Remove Trigger recommendation from RN (#2602)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased
* Fixed an issue where modeling rules with arbitrary whitespace characters were not parsed correctly.
* Added support for the **nativeimage** key for an integration/script in the **prepare-content** command.

> * Updated the **validate** and **update-release-notes** commands to skip the Trigger Recommendation content type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the **validate** and **update-release-notes** commands to skip the *Triggers Recommendations* content type.
```
